100005|20200503084940|wayback=True|
ACS Closure Info Slides
|


ACS Closure Info Slides

|»Academic Calendar»Athletics»School Begin and End Times»Bullying Information»Change of Address Form»Field Trip Permission Form»Internet Use Policy»Student Code of Conduct»INOW Home»E-Funds»Lunch Payments»Parents Right to Know»School Insurance»School Messenger Permission Website»Meal Menus|

Albertville City School System


         107 West Main St.
         Albertville, AL 35950 


         (256) 891-1183

powered by Educational Networks
Web Accessibility Statement 
Web Accessibility Complaint Form
Links to third-party web sites are provided for convenience only. Albertville City Schools does not endorse nor support the content of third-party links. Albertville City Schools is not responsible for the content of a third-party website. By clicking on a third-party link, you will leave the Albertk12.org website. Privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by Albertville City Schools.
      Albertville City Schools does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability or age in its programs/activities and provides equal access to the Boy Scouts and other
       designated youth groups. Pursuant to the requirements of the Every Student Succeeds Act of 2015 (ESSA) and the McKinney Vento Homeless Assistance Act as amended by ESSA, all homeless
        children, migrant, children in foster care and English Language Learners must have equal access to the same free appropriate public education provided to all children and youth. All programs
        offered by the schools within the Albertville City School System shall be open to all students in compliance with statutory and judicial requirements. The enrollment of homeless, migrant, children in
        foster care and limited English proficient children shall not be denied due to any of the following barriers: lack of birth certificate, lack of school records or transcripts, lack of immunization records,
        lack of proof of residency, lack of transportation or unaccompanied (no guardian). For information regarding the compliance of this statement you may contact Mr. Tim Tidmore, Director, Title IX,
        Section 504, McKinney- Vento and Federal Programs at 107 West Main Street, Albertville, AL 35950. Phone (256) 891-1183.
        Albertville City School System seeks to find any child residing within Albertville City who has a disability, or that there is a perception of a disability, who may be in need of special services. This Child
        Find is in accordance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act 1973 and The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. If anyone knows of a child who is three (3) to twenty-one (21) years of age
        who may need to be evaluated for special services, please call Albertville City School Special Education Coordinator Tara Wilson at 256-891-1183, Ext. 209.

|
News &
											Announcements





Albertville, Ala. Custodian Crowned 2020 Cintas Custodian of the Year





Resources for those in need





ACS Closure Info Slides





Subscribe to AggieVision Academics Youtube Channel 





Available Wifi Hotspots 



 
Show All



|