100199|20200713080740|wayback=False|
Dr. Jan Miller
Dean, UWA College of Education
 Ex Officio Member, Board of Directors, University Charter School, Inc.
 Graduate, UWA (then Livingston University), B.S. and M.Ed. in Elementary Education, Mississippi State University, Ed.S. in Elementary Education; NOVA Southeastern University, Ed.D. in Educational Leadership
Dr. Miller serves as Dean and as an online professor and teaches instructional leadership courses. Dr. Miller has worked at UWA for nine years and has served in a variety of roles within the institution. She has been an assistant professor, served as the Chair for Instructional Leadership and Support department, and served as the Dean for Online Programs. Most recently, Dr. Miller and the COE Leadership Team underwent a successful NCATE site visit and were recently awarded a $3 million Teacher Quality Partnership (TQP) grant. Grant funds will be utilized to strengthen the partnership with two local school districts. Prior to working at UWA, Dr. Miller worked as a principal and a teacher in Mississippi. She has seven years of teaching experience and fifteen years of experience as a school principal.  She successfully transformed two underperforming schools into high performing schools in Mississippi.  Dr. Miller has provided numerous professional development trainings to teachers and leaders within the region.
|



June 25, 2020


UCS Earns Cognia Accreditation
                        University Charter School Earns Cognia Accreditation   Livingston, Alabama – June 25, 2020 – University Charter School has now earned accreditation by Cognia™, a nonprofit organization that provides quality assurance for schools, school districts, and educatio... 
Read More





March 30, 2020


School Closed for Remainder of Year
                        The Governor has declared a state of emergency, closing schools for the remainder of the year. No athletics will be played during the closure. UCS will provide distance learning and paper packets to students. Your child’s classroom teacher will be reaching out to yo... 
Read More





December 2, 2019


2020-2021 Enrollment
                        UCS is now accepting K-10th grade enrollment applications for new students for the 2020-2021 school year for Sumter County residents only. Returning students to not have to complete an application. Visit Our School/Enrollment page or click HERE for more information. 
Read More


|