100630|20200718220659|wayback=False|




Convenient
Applying online allows your school to process your application for meal benefits faster than ever before.

|Parent PortalLunch Menus2018-2019 Academic Calendar|


                Cherokee County Schools provides equal opportunities in its programs, activities, and employment. We are committed to making electronic and information technologies accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act. Please direct inquiries regarding our non-discrimination policies, website accessibility, requests for accessible/alternate documents, or other information to admin@cherokeek12.org.            

Website Hosting Solution Powered by
                SchoolBlocks
|Please click here to read more about receiving meals for children 18 and under from Cherokee County Schools at no charge. |I know everyone had hoped COVID-19 would have run its course by now and school would be back to normal for the start of the new school year. It appears that is not going to happen. We appreciate the work all of you put in back in March to help finish out the school year. We had teachers, students, parents, and other family members and caregivers that had to make changes due to the Coronavirus. All of your help is and will continue to be appreciated.Going forward, please understand that any plans we have at this time are subject to change. The information that we are given from the State Department of Education and the Alabama Department of Public Health will drive the direction we are taking; as will the needs from our eight local schools.The first change is that our board of education voted tonight to change the first day of school for students until August 19th. This will give us time to have our new plans in place.We will have two basic education programs offered for the students, traditional and virtual. Parents - you will need to decide which program will best meet the educational, health, social, and emotional needs of your child.Traditional is where the students will be coming to school every day to take their classes in person from a teacher. Just as during the last school year, there could be changes to the traditional program during the course of the school year as circumstances change.The state is providing online course work for the Virtual option for the students this year. This program will be more rigorous and require more time and effort for many of our students. Every attempt will be made to have the same quality instruction delivered to your child regardless of the option you select. Once a student enters the virtual program, they will have to remain in the virtual program until the end of the grading period. We will have more information available on the application process for the virtual option in the near future.The board just approved two new part time positions for each school for additional cleaning and sanitizing. We have purchased new equipment and will have training on how to clean and sanitize to keep our schools as safe as possible. We need you to help us by asking your child to keep their hands washed during the day, use hand sanitizer, and maintain social distancing. Students may need to be reminded to turn their heads when they cough or sneeze and to do both into a tissue or their elbow. It is recommended that students wear masks or face shields when social distancing cannot be maintained; this would be at times like when your child is on a bus, doing group work in class, or in the hall during class changes. We will be spacing the students out as much as possible during classes.Our school buses will be sanitized between routes. In addition to recommending that our students wear masks on our buses, we will have students separated as much as possible. Members of a family will be asked to sit together. As in years past, parents can still drive their children to school. If possible, parents are encouraged to do so.We will also try to have as few students as possible in the lunchroom at any one time in an effort to maintain social distancing. We will be cleaning and sanitizing lunch tables between groups of students. Some of our schools may have students eating in the classroom in addition to the cafeteria, depending on the needs of the individual school.We need to limit the number of visitors on campus each day. However, checkouts will still need to be done in person. Parents can contact the school to schedule meetings as needed with our staff. Meetings can be in person, over the phone, or virtual. Social distancing will need to be maintained for in person meetings.Please work with us each day to ensure that we don’t have sick children in school. You will need to keep your child home if their temperature is 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit or higher. If you have no explanation for your child’s high temperature, or other symptoms such as cough, congestion, shortness of breath, or stomach problems, please have your child tested. Encourage your child to let us know if they start feeling sick while at school and we will get them to our school nurse.Thank you for your patience, and please remember that our guidelines could be changing as we get closer to the start of school and even after school starts.|If your income has changed and your student was not already qualified for FREE or REDUCED school meal benefits prior to March 16th, please apply online as soon as possible. These benefits will carry over for 30 days into next school year and may also qualify your student for additional benefits during the current COVID-19 school closure. Apply at https://www.myschoolapps.com/ and select Cherokee County Alabama School District.|

Apply For School Meal Benefits The Easy Way
MySchoolApps is the fast and secure way to apply for free and reduced meals online. Click GET STARTED to find out if your District participates.

Learn More
Get Started


|Please click here to learn more about our CNP program, including information regarding qualifications for free or reduced meal costs. |